The universe for  a television series that will consist of 14 episodes , lasting 10 seasons, where each chapter is 9 minutes long. What is happening today, where insects and animals, all that are not human, communicate perfectly, there are few times that they need to verbalize something, like a meow or a moo, they are an alien race that has literally controlled everything since forever and we can't even imagine.
There is a whole before, during and after, and they actively hunt humans who for one reason or another can hear them. It has always been like this throughout the history of humanity.
Create it to be as close to reality as possible, always trying to confuse the viewer with a scene that only at the end concludes that it is an insect, or animal that is thinking, plotting, in short, that it is the narrator.
Create a plot with a lot of suspense, horror, action and science fiction and hooks, based on scientific data, always using the greatest amount of relevant scientific information to corroborate the characters' theses. Both humans and aliens, which is everything else.
Create a community within the story that contacts and talks about those who listen, but always with great caution, as to this day they have no idea how to hide, both from animals and insects, as apparently, some even have the power to read minds. But that will come eventually, when the reddit community is first made, they still didnt know they had to make it a secret.
Absurd cases of swarms of insects or rats or unprecedented outbreaks of disease, there are rumors that were meant to silence an entire region that somehow acquired the sensitivity to hear their communication.
The first episode may be titled,
They listen to us!
Where a group of common house spiders notice that the lady of the house sometimes catches herself looking at them strangely, while cooking, she listens very quietly. along with her soap opera voices, shuffled, and little by little she was tuned in and determined to find where it was coming from, and it seemed to be coming from the potted plant!
There were several of them, little jumping spiders, absolutely harmless and they were purposely talking to see if they could catch the lady's attention.
But to her, she just looked at them amazed, and in shock, she then called her nephew, Ricardo, that she knew he would listen to such absurd thing, as insects talking.
Ricardo is working on a photo shooting set, and cannot answer the phone, and when he tries to call her auntie back, no one answers.
He finds out two days later on a TV news that she died in her apartment with no explanation to her death, while a neighbor, tells a weird story about hundreds of spiders leaving her place in the middle of the night.
When confirmed, by the spiders, that she could indeed hear them they began to develop a plan to put an end to any trace of that old lady. And the film ends with the lady dead in her bed and several spiders coming out of her mouth.
Simply by coordinating, they gathered together by the millions and surrounded her body while she slept, and attacked them all at once, entering her body through all the orifices, without giving her a chance to react or where to breathe.
The second episode Pedro, a 15 year old teenage boy, is at a friend's house when he sees the news on tv and remembers the story that the elders at the park where telling, he then created a reddit group, after seeking hours, for something related, but to no luck in finding any information. 
The first user to enter his community is Kathrine, cousin of Nicole, the model that was working with Ricado, the day of the photo shoot.
She had also heard such stories from her grandparents in Norwich, but now, she was hearing things from animals and insects as well, so she started to look for any clue as to what might be going on, and she found that reddit group.


Dogs are not aliens. 
Cite the source of the real-life event related to each episode. It's meant to be at a slow pace, therefore the discovery that animals are an alien race, should be done only at the end of season 1.




This is to contextualize you. everything has to exist and give the viewer fear that it could happen to them and that this plot could actually be happening and nothing and no one hears about it, therefore nothing flashy or fantastic can happen, everything must be hidden from the eyes and ears of almost everyone , maintaining secrecy must always be a crucial factor in the mission, as any mistake could be fatal if detected. For the love of God, without time travel, nothing that cannot be real is valid, just facts, including, if you can use any facts from real life, from any recent date in recent years without explanation and make a connection with our history, it would be phenomenal!






But now having all this contextualized, create an index with 14 episodes, with titles in bold, with their numbering and titles that follow the 1 episode, whether intriguing, mysterious and simple, not just an animal name, or insect and vary between them all the most realistic and relevant insects for the context and each episode, it doesn't always have to be a new one, it can repeat or continue and better explain a line of reasoning in more than 1 episode, there will be 10 seasons. 
















as to 1 role and domain, I want to write a fiction, where it starts as a book, then it will spin of to a youtube shorts series, so I want it to be almost its entirety to be chapters that stand on their own and can be consumed no matter where in the series you are




the main theme is credibility, the whole series must be based on living on the edge of possibility, even though is extremelly unlikely, its just like the matrix theory, one cant just discard that we might live in a simulation, we might live in such world where there are forces governing and swaying the will of the world and they are hidden in plain sight


as a matter of fact, I took the liberty of creating 2 new elements on the periodic table, which only these aliens know of, and they can use it to create all sorts of things that we wouldnt be able to comprehend, like changing the weather, and even carrying storms, tornadoes, to where it might suit their needs, ants are able to harness it and they deliver to all other forms of life that are part of the alien population, it has to be very slow that we get to know all of this, at first, we get to know each character, and then by the end of the first episode, is where Angela thinks she heard something, goes to examine and sees the group of jumping spiders. she then wonders, and call her nephew, Ricardo. So we hace to be introduced to the other characters, and also have Nicole meet with Ricardo at the photo shoot, and Pedro who hears another story from the elders in the park, we should create all those outlines and stitch it all together very nicely and possibly with a nice plot for each group


Angela will die, in the end of the second episode as the spiders realize that she indeed can hear, they plot against her, summon all jumping spiders from the vicinity, and at night, they attack her, by swarming her by the millions, and she suffocates, the episode end with a single jumping spider , skittering out of her bed, and the camera focus, as she is saying(in their special frequency telepathy so no mouth needs to move) and the subtitle reads"she no longer hear us" but she is fundamental to the plot, as she is the one who calls her nephew, that is in contact with nicole, that has a cousin, that also thinks she hears them sometimes, and enters Pedro newfound Reddit community, where they then will begin their adventure together.




The hidden truth is that only elder people can hear those frequencies, but they can never fully understand, some very old with autism, actually figured what was being said, but never the words, and this knowledge, is very hard to be passed on, since no kid would ever be able to hear anything, so we never got to suspect anything before we would be easy prey when they found out that you were listening, or realizing what they were up to at that point, it would, inevitably end bad for the ones who could not disguise their findings. Ricardo does not answer the phone to her Aunt, because he is busy in a photo shoot, where he is the computer technician, and can not leave the set or take a call that would interrupt the job. When he is able to call back she does not answer, because the phone ran out of juice, and she went to sleep, but not before leaving a voice message, where she tells him, she is worried that something very weird might be going on with the spiders in her home, but they have to talk face to face. And this is the night she dies. Ricardo only heard about it later that day in the news, since no one could open her phone and see who to call. Ricardo is devastated and goes to her apartment after hearing her message, but he finds not a single spider, or even any other insects, the house is clear.




he never suspects it, he is very sad, and talks to Nicole, then after you create something in the middle, she will talk to her cousin, that also heard some stories about it from her grandpa from norway, and she believes she also begins to hear somethings, then she looks for information, and finds the reddit community that Pedro has founded in the first episode, as he hears another story from the elders in the park that he goes to play soccer.


Kathrine, is cousin to Nicole, she  is the one that talks to Nicole about the things she heard from her grandpa, and that she wonders if she is hearing it herself, but, one thing that made her very frightened, is that the elders said that you should not talk about this, at least not seriously, when close to any insects or animals, that many people that did, died the next day, and that was in the reddit community from Pedro as well, that's why she got in, and she will begin to talk to Pedro, and they will connect the message that, Ricardo got from Angela before she died, and together with Nicole they will begin to find more and more clues to the Alien population. But not even close to the actual reality, nor their plans.


Kathrine is the one that joins the community, Nicole is a model for a clothes agency, she is just giving attention to her cousin, that is staying for the weekend with her, to see how is it to work as a model, since she is not doing so good in school, and her mother, Nicole's aunt, can not take it anymore when she says she is hearing ants and flies and cockroaches, making fun of what she told her, and if she thinks that being a model is so easy go and see with her own eyes what modeling is and how hard it can be, to give her motivation to study instead of relying on her beauty to make an easy living.


Nicole never gave much thought to any of those absurd things, far from a academic, she was always into her body, and beauty, but that doesn't mean she is not well educated, she only does not show much interest in anything much too deep, and that will change as she is discovering so many secrets, so many advancement in many areas that she didn't think it would be of use to her, and now she feels like she is a scientist, and only wants to know more and is so focused like she found her calling


Kathrine is struggling with a lot of issues, and now this phenomenal thing that she has no control over is overwhelming her daily life. She wants to talk to Pedro and be with him, since he is the only one so far that is talking openly about it, that is not afraid. And when she tells him that Angela left a message saying that she heard spiders, and died the next day, they go all in in investigating, and they will begin to find pieces of the puzzle along the way.




Nicole and Kathrine were always good friends, but it was always superficial, a real bond begins to form, they begin to share fears and doubts, they begin a real friendship, Pedro is still a friend that is more a requirement than an option, he is the only one that is not afraid to talk about it in the open, fearless and shameless. He is very smart, knows a lot about computers, but is annoying sometimes, he over-explains, everything must have a reason, and he studies everything down to the core with just a mobile phone in seconds. It is like he is a cyborg, so well and fast he uses it.


Ricardo is the glue that holds them together, he is very wise in his remarks and is never afraid to step in, he knows a lot about technology, and has a very open mind about the supernatural, it is not difficult to see why he was the first adult to believe in the teenagers suspicion, he was raised in a family that had a lot of religion involved, even though they were not fervorous practitioners, they would eventually go to sunday masses and most importantly, they went to all kinds of churches, they had no distinction to their god, so to ban elitism and prejudice from their family, they accepted and understood, all creeds.
This made of Ricardo a person to not only be very friendly and kind, but as we get to know him, he has profound knowledge of civilizations, ancient history, from all parts of the world, like he was raised and graded academically from 5 different countries, like he had 5 childhoods to educate himself. And that coupled with his computer science degree, made him a force to be reckoned with, such expertise of the old with the ability to use and transform what is the most advanced technology that exists, since he always has whatever is best in the world, this is indeed a shortcoming, because he will not rest, until they have the best equipment to tackle whatever situation they need to get in, as this is how he has always been.